en/guide_cloud/experiment_track/jupyter-notebook.md, before:

# Track Experiments with Jupyter Notebook

Combine SwanLab with Jupyter to get interactive visualizations without leaving the Notebook.

![A heart connects the SwanLab and Jupyter logos](./jupyter-notebook/swanlab-love-jupyter.jpg)

## Install SwanLab in Notebook

```bash
!pip install swanlab -qqq
```

ps: `-qqq` is used to control the amount of output information during command execution and is optional.

## Interact with SwanLab in Notebook

```python
import swanlab

swanlab.init()
...
# In the Notebook, you need to explicitly close the experiment
swanlab.finish()
```

When initializing the experiment with `swanlab.init`, a "Display SwanLab Dashboard" button will appear at the end of the printed information:

![Jupyter notebook output after running swanlab.init(), showing the ‘Display SwanLab Dashboard’ button at the bottom for opening the SwanLab experiment tracking interface.](/assets/jupyter-notebook-1.jpg)

Clicking this button will embed the SwanLab web page for the experiment in the Notebook:

![Jupyter notebook with embedded SwanLab experiment dashboard showing experiment details, metadata, and navigation interface after clicking the display button.](/assets/jupyter-notebook-2.jpg)

Now, you can directly see the training process and interact with it in this embedded web page.

Commit message:

添加Notebook非交互式登录说明
在Notebook中添加SwanLab登录说明，
支持环境变量注入API Key，确保非交互式环境下顺利运行。
同时更新快速开始文档，提供Notebook环境下的使用链接。

en/guide_cloud/experiment_track/jupyter-notebook.md, after:

# Track Experiments with Jupyter Notebook

Combine SwanLab with Jupyter to get interactive visualizations without leaving the Notebook.

![A heart connects the SwanLab and Jupyter logos](./jupyter-notebook/swanlab-love-jupyter.jpg)

## Install SwanLab in Notebook

```bash
!pip install swanlab -qqq
```

ps: `-qqq` is used to control the amount of output information during command execution and is optional.

## Logging into Swanlab in Notebook

`jupyter --execute` is the command-line execution mode provided by Jupyter, commonly used in automation, CI/CD pipelines, and scheduled tasks. In these scenarios, unattended operation is required, and interactive input (such as `input()` or manually pasting keys) is not allowed; otherwise, the process will stall or encounter errors.

Environment variables automatically inject the API Key into the Notebook execution environment, ensuring that the Notebook runs smoothly in any non-interactive environment. Therefore, you need to log in via [swanlab.login](/en/api/py-login.md).

```python
import swanlab
import os

SWANLAB_API_KEY = os.getenv("SWANLAB_API_KEY")
swanlab.login(api_key=SWANLAB_API_KEY)
```

::: info

On Kaggle, you should use [Kaggle Secrets](https://www.kaggle.com/discussions/product-feedback/114053) to store API keys. This prevents key leaks, simplifies management, conforms to security best practices, and ensures that Notebooks can be securely shared and collaborated on.

```python
from kaggle_secrets import UserSecretsClient
user_secrets = UserSecretsClient()
SWANLAB_API_KEY = user_secrets.get_secret("SWANLAB_API_KEY")

import swanlab
swanlab.login(api_key=SWANLAB_API_KEY)
```

:::

## Interact with SwanLab in Notebook

```python
import swanlab

swanlab.init()
...
# In the Notebook, you need to explicitly close the experiment
swanlab.finish()
```

When initializing the experiment with `swanlab.init`, a "Display SwanLab Dashboard" button will appear at the end of the printed information:

![Jupyter notebook output after running swanlab.init(), showing the ‘Display SwanLab Dashboard’ button at the bottom for opening the SwanLab experiment tracking interface.](/assets/jupyter-notebook-1.jpg)

Clicking this button will embed the SwanLab web page for the experiment in the Notebook:

![Jupyter notebook with embedded SwanLab experiment dashboard showing experiment details, metadata, and navigation interface after clicking the display button.](/assets/jupyter-notebook-2.jpg)

Now, you can directly see the training process and interact with it in this embedded web page.
