en/guide_cloud/experiment_track/log-media.md, before:

# Log Media Data

SwanLab supports logging media data (images, audio, text, obejct3d, etc.) to visually explore your experimental results and achieve subjective evaluation of your models.

## 1. Images

`swanlab.Image` supports logging various image types, including numpy, PIL, Tensor, file reading, etc. [API Documentation](/api/py-Image).

![](/assets/media-image-1.jpg)

### 1.1 Log Array-Type Images

Array-type includes numpy and tensor. Directly pass the Array into `swanlab.Image`, and it will automatically handle it according to the type:

- If it is `numpy.ndarray`: SwanLab will use pillow (PIL) to read it.
- If it is `tensor`: SwanLab will use the `make_grid` function of `torchvision` for conversion and then use pillow to read it.

Example code:

```python
image = swanlab.Image(image_array, caption="Left: Input, Right: Output")
swanlab.log({"examples": image})
```

### 1.2 Log PIL-Type Images

Directly pass it into `swanlab.Image`:

```python
image = PIL.Image.fromarray(image_array)
swanlab.log({"examples": image})
```

### 1.3 Log File Images

Provide the file path to `swanlab.Image`:

```python
image = swanlab.Image("myimage.jpg")
swanlab.log({"example": image})
```

### 1.4 Log Matplotlib

Pass the `plt` object of `matplotlib.pyplot` into `swanlab.Image`:

```python
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

# Data
x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
y = [2, 3, 5, 7, 11]
# Create a line plot
plt.plot(x, y)
# Add title and labels
plt.title("Examples")
plt.xlabel("X-axis")
plt.ylabel("Y-axis")

swanlab.log({"example": swanlab.Image(plt)})
```

### 1.5 Log Multiple Images in One Step

Logging multiple images in one step means passing a list composed of `swanlab.Image` type objects in one `swanlab.log`.

```python
# Create an empty list
image_list = []
for i in range(3):
    random_image = np.random.randint(low=0, high=256, size=(100, 100, 3))
    image = swanlab.Image(random_image, caption=f"Random Image {i}")
    # Add swanlab.Image type objects to the list
    image_list.append(image)

swanlab.log({"examples": image_list})
```

For more details about images, refer to the [API Documentation](/en/api/py-Image).

## 2. Audio

[API Documentation](/en/api/py-Audio)

![](/assets/media-audio-1.jpg)

### 2.1 Log Array-Type Audio

```python
audio = swanlab.Audio(np_array, sample_rate=44100, caption="white_noise")
swanlab.log({"white_noise": audio})
```

### 2.2 Log Audio Files

```python
swanlab.log({"white_noise": swanlab.Audio("white_noise.wav")})
```

### 2.3 Log Multiple Audio in One Step

```python
examples = []
for i in range(3):
    white_noise = np.random.randn(100000)
    audio = swanlab.Audio(white_noise, caption=f"audio_{i}")
    # Add swanlab.Audio type objects to the list
    examples.append(audio)

run.log({"examples": examples})
```

## 3. Text

[API Documentation](/en/api/py-Text)

### 3.1 Log Strings

```python
swanlab.log({"text": swanlab.Text("A example text.")})
```

### 3.2 Log Multiple Text in One Step

```python
# Create an empty list
text_list = []
for i in range(3):
    text = swanlab.Text("A example text.", caption=f"{i}")
    text_list.append(text)

swanlab.log({"examples": text_list})
```

![alt text](/assets/log-media-text.png)

## 4. 3D Point Cloud

![](/en/api/py-object3d/demo.png)

👀Please refer to this document: [API-Oject3D](/en/api/py-object3d)

## 5. Molecules

![](/assets/molecule.gif)

Please refer to this document: [API-Molecule](/en/api/py-molecule)


## Q&A

### 1. What is the role of the `caption` parameter?

Each media type has a `caption` parameter, which is used for textual description of the media data. For example, for images:

```python
apple_image = swanlab.Image(data, caption="Apple")
swanlab.log({"im": apple_image})
```
<img src="/assets/log-media-image.png" width=400, height=400>

### 2. How to synchronize media data with the epoch number?

When logging media data with `swanlab.log`, specify the `step` parameter as the epoch number.

```python
for epoch in epochs:
    ···
    swanlab.log({"im": sw_image}, step=epoch)
```

Commit message:

docs: swanlab.video (#205)
* config ts

* md layout

* swanlab.video docs

* description add video

en/guide_cloud/experiment_track/log-media.md, after:

# Log Media Data

SwanLab supports logging media data (images, audio, text, obejct3d, etc.) to visually explore your experimental results and achieve subjective evaluation of your models.

## 1. Images

`swanlab.Image` supports logging various image types, including numpy, PIL, Tensor, file reading, etc. [API Documentation](/api/py-Image).

![](/assets/media-image-1.jpg)

### 1.1 Log Array-Type Images

Array-type includes numpy and tensor. Directly pass the Array into `swanlab.Image`, and it will automatically handle it according to the type:

- If it is `numpy.ndarray`: SwanLab will use pillow (PIL) to read it.
- If it is `tensor`: SwanLab will use the `make_grid` function of `torchvision` for conversion and then use pillow to read it.

Example code:

```python
image = swanlab.Image(image_array, caption="Left: Input, Right: Output")
swanlab.log({"examples": image})    
```

### 1.2 Log PIL-Type Images

Directly pass it into `swanlab.Image`:

```python
image = PIL.Image.fromarray(image_array)
swanlab.log({"examples": image})
```

### 1.3 Log File Images

Provide the file path to `swanlab.Image`:

```python
image = swanlab.Image("myimage.jpg")
swanlab.log({"example": image})
```

### 1.4 Log Matplotlib

Pass the `plt` object of `matplotlib.pyplot` into `swanlab.Image`:

```python
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

# Data
x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
y = [2, 3, 5, 7, 11]
# Create a line plot
plt.plot(x, y)
# Add title and labels
plt.title("Examples")
plt.xlabel("X-axis")
plt.ylabel("Y-axis")

swanlab.log({"example": swanlab.Image(plt)})
```

### 1.5 Log Multiple Images in One Step

Logging multiple images in one step means passing a list composed of `swanlab.Image` type objects in one `swanlab.log`.

```python
# Create an empty list
image_list = []
for i in range(3):
    random_image = np.random.randint(low=0, high=256, size=(100, 100, 3))
    image = swanlab.Image(random_image, caption=f"Random Image {i}")
    # Add swanlab.Image type objects to the list
    image_list.append(image)

swanlab.log({"examples": image_list})
```

For more details about images, refer to the [API Documentation](/en/api/py-Image).

## 2. Audio

[API Documentation](/en/api/py-Audio)

![](/assets/media-audio-1.jpg)

### 2.1 Log Array-Type Audio

```python
audio = swanlab.Audio(np_array, sample_rate=44100, caption="white_noise")
swanlab.log({"white_noise": audio})
```

### 2.2 Log Audio Files

```python
swanlab.log({"white_noise": swanlab.Audio("white_noise.wav")})
```

### 2.3 Log Multiple Audio in One Step

```python
examples = []
for i in range(3):
    white_noise = np.random.randn(100000)
    audio = swanlab.Audio(white_noise, caption=f"audio_{i}")
    # Add swanlab.Audio type objects to the list
    examples.append(audio)

run.log({"examples": examples})
```

## 3. Text

[API Documentation](/en/api/py-Text)

### 3.1 Log Strings

```python
swanlab.log({"text": swanlab.Text("A example text.")})
```

### 3.2 Log Multiple Text in One Step

```python
# Create an empty list
text_list = []
for i in range(3):
    text = swanlab.Text("A example text.", caption=f"{i}")
    text_list.append(text)

swanlab.log({"examples": text_list})
```

![alt text](/assets/log-media-text.png)

## 4. 3D Point Cloud

![](/en/api/py-object3d/demo.png)

👀Please refer to this document: [API-Oject3D](/en/api/py-object3d)

## 5. Molecules

![](/assets/molecule.gif)

Please refer to this document: [API-Molecule](/en/api/py-molecule)

## 6. Video

Please refer to this document: [API-Video](/en/api/py-Video)

## Q&A

### 1. What is the role of the `caption` parameter?

Each media type has a `caption` parameter, which is used for textual description of the media data. For example, for images:

```python
apple_image = swanlab.Image(data, caption="Apple")
swanlab.log({"im": apple_image})
```
<img src="/assets/log-media-image.png" width=400, height=400>

### 2. How to synchronize media data with the epoch number?

When logging media data with `swanlab.log`, specify the `step` parameter as the epoch number.

```python
for epoch in epochs:
    ···
    swanlab.log({"im": sw_image}, step=epoch)
```
